All right.
Here we go.
Let us predict that salary with the SVR machinery model.
All right.
So this time it's not going to be as easy as previously because we'll have to do some inverse transformation.
I asked you to try to do it yourself.
And now we're about to implement the solution together.
All right so let's do this.
Let's start by creating a new coat cell.
And according to you now what is the first step we have to do.
You know it's very natural indeed we want to predict new results so the natural idea that comes to mind
is to call the predict method to call the predict method from are as we are regress or object here.
So let's do this let's for girl you know the regress for itself because that's from this object that
you have to call the predict method and inside the parenthesis you know what we have to input we have
to input of course that position level of six point five.
Right.
Because this person we want higher had a region manager position but after a couple of years so we consider
it to be six point five.
And remember that this position level has to be in a 2D array.
So we have to adhere double pair of square brackets and inside input six point five.
So that was the original format you know expected by the brick method of our previous machinery models
including polynomial regression.
OK.
But as I told you it's not that easy here because we did a lot of a feature scaling and transformations
on everything the matrix of Features X and the dependent variable back to Y.
So here we have to do some extra things.
All right.
So first thing well since we actually trained that as we are moral on X and Y which were both scales
with two different scales you know X was killed by a C X..
I can show this to you again X were scaled by a C X and Y was killed by as you Y.
And so the consequence of this is that when you use the predict method on an observation well that observation
has to be on the same scale as the values of your matrix of features on which your model was straight.
So here the first thing we have to do is apply the transformation you know apply this killing to that
particular value.
And how do we do this.
Well that's very easy.
We have to call our scalar object for X. You know S.E. X the matrix of features x and then from this
object apply the transform method which will exactly feature scale.
This particular value you know put this particular value in the same scale that was applied to the whole
matrix of features X..
All right so let's do this.
That's the first thing we had to do here.
We have to call R S C underscore X scalar objection for the matrix of features X from which we're gonna
call the trend form method.
Thank you Google app which will take as input.
Exactly this 2D array containing the single value six point five.
All right.
I have to add a new one here and there you go.
So that's the first thing you had to do to make sure that your value here inside the brick method is
scaled on the same scale that was used to scale the whole matrix of features x.
All right.
That's a first thing and therefore this will return your predicted salary but in the scale that was
applied to y you know this killing that resulted from applying that second scalar object on the dependent
variable vector y and therefore instead of you know getting here salary around let's say 160 K we will
get a salary around this range of values.
All right.
And that's absolutely not what we want.
It is still correct.
But of course what we have to do now is reverse the scaling of Y.
And more specifically of that prediction of that predicted salary in order to get the original scale
of that prediction.
And that's where you have to use this new method that can reverse this killing and which is called I
hope you found it on the Internet or any documentation.
This method is called the inverse transform method and that's exactly what we have to apply here to
indeed reverse this killing to go back to the original skill of y and therefore to go back to the original
scale of that predicted salary.
All right so let's do this in order to apply that inverse transfer method.
Well remember that any method has to be called from an object and make sure to understand which object
we have to go here.
That's of course SC Why.
Because we want to reverse this killing that was used to transform the dependent variable vector Y.
So here we have to go SC underscore why from which we're gonna call that inverse transform method.
Thank you again Google collab which will take as it put this whole prediction of the salary of the position
level six point five.
And there you go my friends.
Now you have your prediction in the right scale.
You want to check it out.
Let's do this.
We don't have to do a print here because this will return directly.
The prediction.
I hope I didn't make any mistake with all these trends form and interest trends for method and now all
these parenthesis as you can see.
But let's see.
I just followed some logic here.
And so now if you're ready.
Well let's execute our two cells here.
First this cell to indeed build and trained as your model.
So let's do this.
And there we go we get in the output there as your model with all the parameters that were chosen and
we actually kept the default value for most of them except that Colonel parameter for which we chose
indeed the radial basis function Colonel.
And now time to get the final prediction the predicted salary for that position level six point five
of course from our SVR morale.
And to do this we simply to execute this cell to figure out that the predicted salary is in fact one
hundred seventy thousand dollars per year.
So that's once again a prediction that seems to make a lot of sense.
You know based on what this person mentioned as a previous salary I remind that in our little story
this person mentioned to have a 160 K salary in the previous company characterized by this data.
So not only it is very close but also our predicted salary is higher than the requested salary.
So that's all good for our negotiation.
And to compare with our previous morale you know the pulling them your regression model.
Well remember that we had a one hundred and fifty eight K prorated salary and now we have a one hundred
and seventy K.
So anyway both these models return a prediction that is indeed close to what would be the real salary
of that position level number of six point five.
And so once again that shows that that as your model is really well adapted to this data set because
indeed it can handle these nonlinear correlations between the position levels and the salaries and we're
going to see that much better in the visualization you know because that's our next step visualizing
that as we are results in low resolution and high resolution.
So that's what we'll do in this last tutorial.
But now I really want to say congratulations because you now know how to handle the not only transformations
but also inverse transformations.
And you can now return a prediction when some feature scaling was applied on both the matrix of features
x and the dependent variable vector y.
It's really good that you know how to do this because indeed in your future dataset and your future
MRO projects you will definitely encounter this situation.
So I'm really happy for you that you now have this extra tool in your machinery tool kit.
And now let's finish with a less exciting tutorial where we're going to visualize the results.
So as soon as you're ready let's observe the regression curve of the SVR model.
And until then enjoy machine learning.